node/client-cache: Log errors that led to a connection drops (#2694)
nspcc-dev/neofs-node: CHANGELOG.md

## [Unreleased]

### Added

> - Logs on a connection drop in the SDK client multi-cache (#2694)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Logs on a connection drop in the cache of NeoFS API clients (#2694)
```
